QA fixes (#1307)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dev-portal/security-settings.md

### Identity providers

Identity providers (IdPs) manage authentication of developers signing into the Dev Portal. 
{{site.konnect_short_name}}'s built-in authentication provider is used by default. This option generates API keys for developers.

OIDC or SAML providers can be configured as integrated IdP providers.

Learn more about configuring IdPs in [Self-service developer & application registration](/dev-portal/application-registration/).

### Developer and application approvals

{:.info}

> > An API must be linked to a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Service {% new_in 3.6 %} to be able to restrict access to your API with authentication strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> {% new_in 3.6 %} An API must be linked to a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Service to be able to restrict access to your API with authentication strategies.
```
I think this whole note is "new in 3.6"

Registration of developer accounts and creation of applications both require approval by Dev Portal admins by default. These approvals are managed in [Access and Approvals](/dev-portal/access-and-approval/).

#### Auto approve developers

> The following explains the behavior when auto approve developers is configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following explains the behavior when auto-approval for developers is configured:
```

* Enabled: Anyone can sign up for a developer account without any further approval process. 
* Disabled: Dev Portal admins have to approve any new sign up in [Access and Approvals](/dev-portal/access-and-approval/).

#### Auto approve applications 

> The following explains the behavior when auto approve applications is configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following explains the behavior when auto-approval for applications is configured:
```

* Enabled: When any approved developer creates an Application, it will be automatically approved and created. 
  * Once an application is approved, the developer will be able to use it to create API Keys. 
* Disabled: Dev Portal admins have to approve any new Applications in [Access and Approvals](/dev-portal/access-and-approval/) before a developer can create API Keys.

### Dev Portal role-based access control

When RBAC is enabled for a Dev Portal, the option to configure API access policies for developers will be available when [publishing](/dev-portal/publishing/) the API to a portal. Otherwise, any logged in developer can see any published API that is set to `Visibility: public`.

### Authentication strategy and creating API keys

{:.info}

> > An API must be linked to a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Service {% new_in 3.6 %} to be able to restrict access to your API with Authentication Strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> {% new_in 3.6 %} An API must be linked to a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Service to be able to restrict access to your API with authentication strategies.
```
